code-of-conduct.md, before:

 # Introduction
  
 Biomakespace is building a multidisciplinary, volunteer-driven community laboratory for collaborative experimentation at the interface of biology and engineering. We aim to provide a supportive, safe environment for discovery and innovation through team-based projects and curiosity-driven research.
  
 ## Scope
  
 This code of conduct applies to all Biomakespace interactions and spaces, both online and in person. By attending Biomakespace events, space and posting in our online forums, you are agreeing to this code of conduct.
  
 ## Guidelines
  
 ### We listen.
 
 We begin interactions by acknowledging that we are part of a community with complementary goals. When something has happened and someone is uncomfortable, our first choice is to work through it with discussion. We listen to each other.
 
 ### We practice consent.
 
 At the Biomakespace and associated in-person events, everyone’s physical space must be respected at all times. We do not touch other people without asking first — this includes physical greetings, since not everyone is comfortable with the same type of touch.
 
 ### Media Consent
 
 At events where there will be photography and upload to social media or other venues, this will be announced. If you do not wish to be photographed, you are responsible for alerting the photographer to move you out of frame. We are happy to accommodate you. For formal media releases, a Media consent form will be issued.

Commit message:

Improve Code of Conduct
- Elaborate on openness and equity.
- Add Revision section.

code-of-conduct.md, after:

 # Introduction
  
 Biomakespace is building a multidisciplinary, volunteer-driven community laboratory for collaborative experimentation at the interface of biology and engineering. We aim to provide a supportive, safe environment for discovery and innovation through team-based projects and curiosity-driven research.
 
 We strive to make our community open to everybody, regardless of scholarly or professional background, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, ability, physical appearance, body size, race, age, economic background, country of origin or employment, religion, and other characteristics. As we come from different backgrounds, it is important to be intentional about providing respectful, equitable spaces — both online and in person — for our community to come together and engage in constructive, respectful discourse.

 We particularly strive for equity. We are intentional about actively reducing the inequitable barriers that stand between science and those who create, use, and learn from it.

 ## Scope
  
 This code of conduct applies to all Biomakespace interactions and spaces, both online and in person. By attending Biomakespace events, space and posting in our online forums, you are agreeing to this code of conduct.
 
 ## Revision of the Code of Conduct
 
 This Code of Conduct will evolve and be reviewed over time. Any review process will be initiated at the discretion of and organised by the directors. The code will be publicly affirmed once a year at the Biomakespace AGM, where the broader membership have the opportunity to raise any ongoing issues or changes that might be required. Such issues or changes can be suggested to the directors at any time.
  
 ## Guidelines
  
 ### We listen.
 
 We begin interactions by acknowledging that we are part of a community with complementary goals. When something has happened and someone is uncomfortable, our first choice is to work through it with discussion. We listen to each other.
 
 ### We practice consent.
 
 At the Biomakespace and associated in-person events, everyone’s physical space must be respected at all times. We do not touch other people without asking first — this includes physical greetings, since not everyone is comfortable with the same type of touch.
 
 ### Media Consent
 
 At events where there will be photography and upload to social media or other venues, this will be announced. If you do not wish to be photographed, you are responsible for alerting the photographer to move you out of frame. We are happy to accommodate you. For formal media releases, a Media consent form will be issued.
